#summary The future for dumps handling and dumps making

= Introduction =

== Dumps handling ==

Currently, WikiTeam has a bad system of dumps handling. The current system is either you send Emijrp an email for him to upload it to Google Code with the dump as an attachment, or you upload to the Internet Archive directly, with adding a keyword "wikiteam" to it. 

Why is it bad? Because dumps that come to Google Code is only managed by Emijrp, and if he is not available it will take weeks for your dump to get downloadable. And if you upload your dumps to the Internet Archive directly, its quite troublesome for us to "connect" it to our wikiteam collection, and it might be troublesome on your side if you don't have an Internet Archive account set up.

We hope to fix this, with a better system of dealing with dumps that people generate so that we can provide a better way for researchers to actually download our dumps

== Dumps generation ==

Currently, dumps that WikiTeam makes are all made from their own computers, or sometimes some Linux server (e.g. the Toolserver). We may all be using different software, and especially if you run larger dumps, you would probably need to leave your computer on for days, you probably don't want that, do you?

Using different software might not be too much of an issue, as we have stated our requirements in our tutorials. However, when you generate large dumps, you wouldn't want to see an increase in the use of electricity just for dumping wikis. Even if you can find a server, probably you might be violating some of their rules (e.g. the Toolserver itself). Getting yourself into trouble, or having to pay extra electricity, isn't the purpose of WikiTeam.

= Solution =

So how do we solve this problem? Introducing [https://labsconsole.wikimedia.org Wikimedia Labs], an infrastructure that is provided by the Wikimedia Foundation at no cost, and its rules fully comply with what we are doing.

== Features ==
When a project for WikiTeam is created on Wikimedia Labs, we would have access to virtual machines that we can use to run dumps. We would have complete root access, high RAM and large storage for us to do evil dumping. People who are interested, and somewhat "notable" in Wikimedia, should get an account on Wikimedia Labs so that they can run dumps on a common infrastructure.

For dumps handling, this project on Wikimedia Labs would grant us a server for people to upload their XML dumps to us. An uploading interface would probably appear on http://wikiteam.wmflabs.org, and people who run dumps but are not part of this project can upload their dumps so that we can transfer them to the Internet Archive without any hassle.

== Disclaimer ==
Seeing these exciting features? They are not enabled yet, because the project isn't created yet. Hydriz is currently looking for the relevant person to contact so that all these features would be available. We will post new information when they get available here and on the wikiteam-discuss mailing list.