== We archive wikis, from Wikipedia to tiniest wikis ==

*WikiTeam tools* is a set of tools for preserving wikis. They work on MediaWiki wikis, but we want to expand to other wiki engines.
<table align="right" border="1">
<tr><td><p align="center"><font size="big">1) *[NewTutorial Documentation]*</font></p><p align="center"><font size="big">2) *[http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/browse/trunk/dumpgenerator.py Source code]*</font></p><p align="center"><font size="big">3) *[http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss Community]*</font></p></td></tr>
</table>
There are [http://wikiindex.org thousands] [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Sites_using_MediaWiki/en of] [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Sites_using_MediaWiki/multilingual wikis] in the Internet. Everyday some of them are no longer publicly available and, due to lack of [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/list?can=1 backups], lost forever. Many people download tons of media files (movies, music, books, etc) from the Internet, implementing a kind of distributed backup. Wikis, most of them under free licenses, disappear from time to time because nobody grabbed a copy of them. That is a shame that we would like to solve.

WikiTeam was founded and originally developed by [https://sites.google.com/site/emijrp/ emijrp], a Wikipedia veteran editor and wiki enthusiast. Many people have help sending suggestions, [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/issues/list reporting bugs], writing [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/w/list documentation], providing help in the [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss mailing list] and making [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/list wiki backups]. Thanks to all.

== Current events ==
The last *news* (follow us on [http://twitter.com/#!/WikiTeamProject Twitter] too!):
  * 2012-03-03: WikiTeam tools need a Graphical User Interface ([GUI]) to reach a greater community. We start to work on this.
  * 2012-02-27: We start to [http://www.archiveteam.org/index.php?title=Wikimedia_Commons archive Wikimedia Commons]. [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/browse/trunk/commonsdownloader.py Source code] and [http://toolserver.org/~emijrp/commonsarchive/ file lists] available. We are doing some tests.
  * 2011-12-16: Using WikiIndex semantic properties to generate a dynamic [http://wikiindex.org/index.php?title=List_of_wikibackups&action=purge List of wikibackups] with many work to do! We are recruiting, [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss/browse_thread/thread/2de4428e60fc64f5 we need a lot of help]!
  * 2011-12-02: http://15demayo.info/wiki/ went offline in an undefined moment in the past. It was about the 2011 Spanish Revolution protests. We [https://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=15demayoinfo_wiki-20110723-history.xml.7z grabbed a copy] in July. Dude, our mission is an important one.
  * 2011-11-30: New backups of OpenSUSE and WikiIndex wikis sent by Hydriz are uploaded. Thanks!
  * 2011-11-10: Archive Team uploads to Internet Archive [http://www.archive.org/details/wikimedia-image-dump-2005-11 one of the last image dumps] published by Wikimedia Foundation. It contains 296,000 images in 77GB. What a great work.
  * 2011-10-27: [http://mirrors.sdboyd56.com/WikiTeam/index.html ScottDB wikibackups site] reaches 100 archived wikis milestone. Keep up the good work!
  * 2011-10-24: Ian McEwen sent us a dump of https://hampedia.org Thanks!
  * 2011-10-13: More than 10 years after Wikipedia was started, [http://lists.wikimedia.org/pipermail/xmldatadumps-l/2011-October/000331.html the first Wikimedia projects official mirror] is created. Thanks to Centro de Computação Científica e Software Livre (C3SL), at the Universidade Federal do Paraná in Brazil!!!
  * 2011-10-13: ScottDB has written a [NewTutorial]. Enjoy!
  * 2011-10-10: We open a [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/wiki/ToDo ToDo] page where you can add all your wishes for new wiki archiving tools. For bugs, remember you can use [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/issues/list the issues section].
Read [News older news]. For a more detailed action log, see http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/updates/list

== What can you do? ==
You can do *a lot of* things:
  * Read our [FAQ]
  * Download our [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/checkout scripts and software], read our [Tutorial] and backup [WikiFarms your favorite wiki]. Send us a copy of the backup if you want!
  * Download some [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/list?can=1 backups] of wikis. Additionally, there are more backups at [http://www.archive.org/search.php?query=subject%3A%22wikiteam%22 Internet Archive].
  * [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/issues/list Report a bug or request a feature]
  * Use the backups to [Research research] how wiki communities evolve
  * Subscribe to the mailing lists: [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss general discussion] and [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-developers developer discussion]
  * Follow us on Twitter! [http://twitter.com/#!/wikiteamproject @WikiTeamProject]

== Research ==
Are you a *researcher*? If you have conducted any [Research research] about wikis using our software or the backups we made available, we would be glad to hear from your experience. [Research Contact us].

== People using WikiTeam tools ==
If you use WikiTeam tools to back up wikis and you host the files, contact us, we will be glad to add a link here:
  * http://mirrors.sdboyd56.com/WikiTeam/index.html

== Mirrors ==
Is the download speed too slow for you when you download from the downloads section in this website? No worries! Now, you can download them from our list of [Mirrors mirrors]! The best ones are listed below:
 # [https://sourceforge.net/projects/wikiteam/files/ Sourceforge]
 # The [http://www.archive.org/details/WikiTeamMirror Internet Archive] ([http://ia600705.us.archive.org/16/items/WikiTeamMirror/ directory link])

== WikiTeam in the news, blogs, etc ==
  * [http://softlibre.barrapunto.com/article.pl?sid=11/05/10/070201 WikiTeam: un repositorio de wikis] (Barrapunto, 2011-05-10) ([http://www.webcitation.org/5zBcLaGm4 webcite])
  * [http://siondream.com/blog/proyectos/pfc/iberogre-wiki/backups-de-wikis-con-wikiteam/ Backups de wikis con WikiTeam] (IberOgre, 2011-06-04) ([http://www.webcitation.org/5zBcEMuCG webcite])

== Licenses ==
This project contain a lot of material. *Be careful with the licenses*.
  * The [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/checkout source code] is GPL v3
  * Every [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/list?can=1 backup] of every wiki has its own license. Visit the wiki and search for the license of texts and images. Read more in our [FAQ]

== Note ==
Due to lack of space, we do not offer image dumps in Google Code. *The dumps only include the texts of the wikis (usually full histories).* Although you can run the script and generate your own backup which would contain all the texts and images (if you use _--xml_ _--images_ options).

== Contact ==
If you want to *contact with the WikiTeam community*, you can do it:
  * For bug reports, new features requests, notices about new wikis to backup: http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/issues/list
  * General discussion about WikiTeam tools and help for new users: http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss
  * Developers discussion about bugs, patches, features: http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-developers
  * There is a social IRC channel in Efnet: irc://efnet/wikiteam ([http://chat.efnet.org:9090/?nick=&channels=%23wikiteam&Login=Login webchat access])

Also, [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/w/list every wiki page] allows to send comments.

If you need an e-mail address, you can send your messages to emijrp@gmail.com

== External links ==
  * http://archiveteam.org/index.php?title=Wikiteam
  * http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/WikiTeam


<table width=99%>
<tr><td align=center>
|| << [http://code.google.com/p/wikistats-mediawiki-extension/ WikiStats Extension] || *!WikiRing* || [http://code.google.com/p/avbot/ AVBOT] >> ||
</td></tr></table>