#summary Archive of WikiTeam news
#sidebar Sidebar

The log with all the news related to WikiTeam.

*Table of contents:*
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== 2012 ==
  * 2012-04-07: We start a TaskForce to archive 7,000+ wikis from a list by Andrew Pavlo (2009).
  * 2012-04-05: WikiTeam 1st Birthday! \o/
  * 2012-03-03: WikiTeam tools need a Graphical User Interface ([GUI]) to reach a greater community. We start to work on this.
  * 2012-02-27: We start to [http://www.archiveteam.org/index.php?title=Wikimedia_Commons archive Wikimedia Commons]. [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/browse/trunk/commonsdownloader.py Source code] and [http://toolserver.org/~emijrp/commonsarchive/ file lists] available. We are doing some tests.

== 2011 ==
  * 2011-12-16: Using WikiIndex semantic properties to generate a dynamic [http://wikiindex.org/index.php?title=List_of_wikibackups&action=purge List of wikibackups] with many work to do! We are recruiting, [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss/browse_thread/thread/2de4428e60fc64f5 we need a lot of help]!
  * 2011-12-02: http://15demayo.info/wiki/ went offline in an undefined moment in the past. It was about the 2011 Spanish Revolution protests. We [https://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=15demayoinfo_wiki-20110723-history.xml.7z grabbed a copy] in July. Dude, our mission is an important one.
  * 2011-11-30: New backups of OpenSUSE and WikiIndex wikis sent by Hydriz are uploaded. Thanks!
  * 2011-11-10: Archive Team uploads to Internet Archive [http://www.archive.org/details/wikimedia-image-dump-2005-11 one of the last image dumps] published by Wikimedia Foundation. It contains 296,000 images in 77GB. What a great work.
  * 2011-10-27: [http://mirrors.sdboyd56.com/WikiTeam/index.html ScottDB wikibackups site] reaches 100 archived wikis milestone. Keep up the good work!
  * 2011-10-24: Ian McEwen sent us a dump of https://hampedia.org Thanks!
  * 2011-10-13: More than 10 years after Wikipedia was started, [http://lists.wikimedia.org/pipermail/xmldatadumps-l/2011-October/000331.html the first Wikimedia projects official mirror] is created. Thanks to Centro de Computação Científica e Software Livre (C3SL), at the Universidade Federal do Paraná in Brazil!!!
  * 2011-10-13: ScottDB has written a [NewTutorial]. Enjoy!
  * 2011-10-10: We open a [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/wiki/ToDo ToDo] page where you can add all your wishes for new wiki archiving tools. For bugs, remember you can use [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/issues/list the issues section].
  * 2011-09-28: Rob Nugen sends us a dump of http://thunderrabbit.com Thanks!
  * 2011-09-07: Jason Scott talked a bit (OK, [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2ZTmuX3cog only a few seconds], from 40:23) about WikiTeam at [https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-19/dc-19-index.html DEF CON 19]. Man, DEF CON!!! : D
  * 2011-09-06: Greg Varnum sent us a copy of [http://www.wikiqueer.org WikiQueer] in August, but we have [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=wikiqueerorg-20110808-history.xml.7z uploaded it] today. Sorry for the delay. Thanks Greg!
  * 2011-09-06: Yann Forget [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=wikilivres-20110906-history.xml.7z sends us a copy] of the site [http://www.wikilivres.info/ Wikilivres]. Thanks!
  * 2011-08-16: Nemo has recently saved all the wikis in [http://www.archive.org/details/shoutwiki.com shoutwiki.com] farm. A great work!
  * 2011-08-08: [http://www.archive.org Internet Archive] offers a person and a machine for WikiTeam backups. [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss/browse_thread/thread/adcde1968800ada9 See details]. Thanks!!!
  * 2011-08-03: We have [http://www.archive.org/details/wikiteam a section] at Internet Archive for our wiki backups. Yay! \o/
  * 2011-07-26: *We are glad to announce our 100th wiki dump: [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=wikitravelorg_wiki_en-20110605-current.xml.7z English WikiTravel]. Thanks for your work preserving wikis!*
  * 2011-07-22: Google Code [http://code.google.com/p/support/issues/detail?id=5553 rejects our request] to increase our quota. We accept suggestions.
  * 2011-07-12: Thanks to people who are [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/issues/list posting issues], that's how projects grow!
  * 2011-07-07: Today is a great day. Nemo_bis sent us several dumps, one of them is [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=usemod.com-20100707.7z UseModWiki]. Yay!
  * 2011-07-07: SDBoyd sent us a [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=meatball_wiki-20110706.7z MeatBall wiki dump] (.html pages, not XML). Thanks, that wiki is historical!
  * 2011-06-28: WikiTeam publishes a [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss/browse_thread/thread/9a4e6dc193f599eb script to download Wikipedia dumps] in an easy way
  * 2011-06-26: Boris sent us a new backup of http://knowino.org. Thanks! You can do the same!
  * 2011-06-11: We find a [http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&t=h&msa=0&msid=115570622864617231547.00044e461c185a89b6d71&ll=49.095452,14.677734&spn=39.93254,79.013672&z=4 great map] about wikis around Europe. Time for archiving all of them! Subscribe you to the [http://groups.google.com/group/wikiteam-discuss mailing list] and offer you to archive all wikis in a country. Thanks!
  * 2011-05-05: Finally, all the texts of [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/list?can=2&q=wikanda Andalusian Encyclopedia Wikanda] have been archived.
  * 2011-05-04: The In Memoriam wiki was a former Wikimedia project on the September 11, 2001 attacks. A [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=sep11wiki.7z backup from 2007] have been [http://dumps.wikimedia.org/sep11wiki/20071116/ found].
  * 2011-04-29: ersi sent us a backup generated with our dumps generator. The wiki archived is !BitCoin.it in English. Thanks!
  * 2011-04-28: Archived [http://osl.uca.es/wikis/ OSLUCA wikis]: WikiUNIX, !WikiHaskell, WikiRA, WikiCE, Wikijuegos, !WikiFormación.
  * 2011-04-22: Archiving Citizendium, !RationalWiki and !DeletionPedia.
  * 2011-04-10: Start archiving Wikanda wikis (the Andalusian encyclopedia), Almeríapedia, Cádizpedia, Córdobapedia, Granadapedia, Huelvapedia, Jaenpedia, Málagapedia and Sevillapedia.
  * 2011-04-10: [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/downloads/detail?name=wikiindexorg-20110409-history.xml.7z First backup] is uploaded. It contains [http://wikiindex.org WikiIndex] wiki.
  * 2011-04-05: First commit.