How to use the dump generator? Here we explain it.

*We use [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/browse/trunk/dumpgenerator.py dumpgenerator.py] ([http://wikiteam.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dumpgenerator.py download]), available at the [http://code.google.com/p/wikiteam/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk repository].*

Remember you always can see the inline help with _--help_ parameter.

----

*What kind of backups exist?*

There are XML dumps (current and history) and image dumps.

*What does a XML dump contain?*

A XML dump contains the metadata of the edits (author, date, comment) and the text (wikitext).

A XML dump may be "current" or "history". First one contains only the last edit for every page. Second one contains the full history.

*What does an image dump contain?*

An image dump contain all the images available in a wiki, plus their descriptions.

*How can I make a XML backup?*

If you have shell access, use this http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:DumpBackup.php

If you have no shell access, then use our dump generator. If the wiki you want to backup has API, use this:
  * _python dumpgenerator.py --api=http://wikidomain.com/path/to/api.php --xml_

If API is not available, then use this:
  * _python dumpgenerator.py --index=http://wikidomain.com/path/to/index.php --xml_

*How can I make an images backup?*

If you have shell access, copy the image directory (see your !LocalSettings.php for details).

If you have no shell access, then use the same method in the question above, but replace _--xml_ with _--images_.

If the wiki you want to backup has API, use this:
  * _python dumpgenerator.py --api=http://wikidomain.com/path/to/api.php --images_

If API is not available, then use this:
  * _python dumpgenerator.py --index=http://wikidomain.com/path/to/index.php --images_

*How can I back up XML and images?*

Just use _--xml_ and _--images_ at the same time.

*Which method is better, API or index.php?*

API is better. Use index.php only when API fails or is not available.

*How can I know the path of the API or index.php?*

Go to the wiki Main Page, click on "History" tab. You will see an URL with this format: _http://www.example.com/.../index.php?title=..._

If you want the API URL, remove all from _index.php_, and replace it with _api.php_. If you see a webpage with the API documentation, then, you did it fine. Otherwise, API can be located in other path or you did it wrong.

If you want the index.php URL, remove only from the '?' symbol.

*Can I resume a dump?*

Yes, you can. Use the parameters _--resume_ and _--path_ to indicate where the incomplete dump is. The script will resume it.
  * _python dumpgenerator.py --api=http://wikidomain.com/path/to/api.php --xml --images --resume --path=dumpdirectory_

*I want to import a XML/image dump, how can I do it?*

Read http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Importing_XML_dumps and http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:ImportImages.php.